storage: add topic column to mz_kafka_sources (#25020)
MaterializeInc/materialize: doc/user/content/sql/system-catalog/mz_internal.md

|------------------------|----------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `id`                   | [`text`]       | The ID of the Kafka source. Corresponds to [`mz_catalog.mz_sources.id`](../mz_catalog#mz_sources).        |
| `group_id_prefix`      | [`text`]       | The value of the `GROUP ID PREFIX` connection option.                                                     |

> | `topic          `      | [`text`]       | The topic this Kafka source is reading from.                                                              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `topic          `      | [`text`]       | The name of the Kafka topic the source is reading from.                                                              |
```

Reviewer: 🫠 nit. For consistency with the description in `mz_kafka_sinks`.

Author: rip
